year 1989 in a car racing track jack toretto
is competing in a race with sons dom and jacob
working as his crew dom lashes out at some other
crew members from racer kenny linder antagonizing
his dad but jack tells dom not to pay them
mind then jack gets back out on the track
but linder clips jack's car causing
it to fly and blow up mid-air
leaving dom devastated present day as dom shows
little brian how to work a tractor dom and letty
living quietly in the countryside with little
brian then they spot a car approaching their
home immediately dom and letty arm themselves
until they see it's just roman tedge and ramsay
they informed them that mr nobody was seeking out
a top secret device and hunting cipher when his
plane was shot down and crashed on an island
and he has gone missing the trio asks for dom
and letty's help but they are hesitant now that
they are raising a family things change later
that night after putting little brian to bed dom
and letty discussed the mission and how brian and
me made it out of this business once they became
parents but letty notes that they are not brian
and mia letty then leaves with a motorcycle and
dom reviews the video of mr nobody spotting a
familiar cross symbol that he recognizes from a
postcard he received of mexico from a while back
in the morning when the team is about to board
the plane dom rushes to join his teammates
the team travels to the island of monte
cuento to find the wreckage of the plane
they uncover half of the device just
before a team of gunmen fire upon the team
a lot of gunman chased roman to a dead
end
and miraculously roman survived
the heroes drive away and come across
a minefield killing some of the gunmen
while roman miraculously again just
barely escapes getting crushed or blown
up
dom and leddy are then startled when they see
jacob grab the device and make off with it
roman tedge and ramsey yells
as they manage to drive over a
down bridge in time before they fall to their dune
the two give chase and catch him
near the edge of a cliff until a
large magnetized drone flies in and picks jacob up
dom and letty then drive over the
cliff and manage to latch onto
rope from the bridge and somewhat
safely land on another cliffside
well that was new
as the heroes go home letty informs the
rest of the team that jacob is dom's brother
jacob i'm sorry i'm just processing brother a
flashback shows the aftermath of jack's death
linder came by making snide comments regarding
jack and then attacked dom dom retaliated by
nearly beating linder to death with a
wrench getting himself sent to prison
jacob meets with his partner otto at their base
they are keeping cipher in a glass cage she knows
about jacob and his drive to be better than dom
but when she offers him a chance to join her and
get back at him jacob declines and is confident
in working on his own he presents half of the
device to cipher and she reveals to him in auto
that the other half they seek is in edinburgh
plans are in motion the team goes to their
hideout where dom feels that he must carry
the weight of the mission due to jacob whoever
jacob meanwhile roman muses to tedge and ramsay
that they must be invincible due to coming out of
numerous insane scenarios practically unscathed
from 14 dudes trying to take my head
but they think he's full of [ __ ]
later mia joins everyone because she still cares
for jacob i need to be here ramsay then explains
to everyone that the device is called project
aries which can be used to hack into any system
and would allow someone like jacob to control
things like the world's cache of nuclear weapons
it is also discovered that there were prints
belonging to one person among mr nobody's research
han their old teammate don then notes that
the postcard he got of mexico was sent the
day hand died and it has a stamp on it from
tokyo where han said he would go with giselle
the love interest of han in the previous
movies in a flashback while dom is working
as a mechanic in the prison he met leo and
santos who referred to the incident that
killed jack and how jacob was the last person
working on the car before he died after dom
was released he went down to the meet-up spot
with mia letty and vince and the rest of their
crew before challenging jacob to a race after
confronting him over what happened to their father
dom told jacob that if he lost he would
have to keep driving and never return
during the race both torettos
utilized moss to boost their cars
but jacob went too early allowing dom to
win and forcing jacob to flee in exile
dom goes to find buddy an old family friend that
worked with jack dom knows buddy took jacob in
after he went into exile and mia also briefly
kept in touch with him until he just vanished
buddy informs dom that jacob is going to be in
london but he tells dom he hopes he finds peace
mia and letty go to tokyo to track hand
down after seemingly finding no leads
they spot an apartment with a mexican
flag alluding to han always talking about
how tokyo is his mexico in terms
of a place where bandits retreat
roman and tedge find sean boswell plus eddie hoo
and twinkie and they asked them for assistance
on behalf of dom they are seen working on
a pontiac furo with a rocket strapped to it
after testing it out the trio is proud that
it made it far enough without blowing up
and then the car explodes
dom makes it to london and runs into queenie
shaw just after she robs a jewelry store
they make their getaway from the authorities
while dom asks queenie if she has heard
anything about jacob she tells him that she
has heard of him and his crew turning up in
edinburgh yeah yeah well i did go wrong on
a crew that just turned up led by america
queenie drops dom off at a mansion
where otto is hosting a party
dom manages to gain entrance to confront
jacob but he orders his older brother to leave
as he made him do so all those years earlier
dom is forced to leave when an armed
team apparently working for otto shows up
and this place an embassy which means you just
trespassed into my country dom is taken into
custody but it is revealed that the team is led
by an old friend named lisa who helps dom get out
that white dress you see how i've been rocking
[ __ ] all this crude this is mine inside the
apartment with the mexican flag in tokyo mia and
letty find a young woman named el who knows them
too and warns them when armed thugs attack mia
and letty then proceed to fight off the goons
and the fight goes out the apartment
the remaining gunmen are killed by a sniper rifle
and the sniper is theory old teammate hand
roman tedge and ramsay arrive in london just
as jacob and otto begin to enact their heist
ramsay notices that the security cameras are going
haywire meaning something from jacob's team is
blocking them out roman and ted find some large
truck drivers and fight them on roman's suspicion
it turns out they are driving a
truck with an electromagnetic field
you know silver ain't magnetic right you know what
just shut up and it has allowed jacob to find the
second piece of aries he starts making his escape
via zipline but dom spots him and chases after him
roman and tedge fight more goons inside the truck
while ramsay clumsily commandeers it through
the streets of london crashing into many cars
along the way dom catches jacob and fights him
but the younger toretto makes his escape by
stealing a car after dom joins the other three
they use the truck to pull jacob's car toward them
after this setback otto and
his men return to their base
cipher taunts him and says that this is the
part where the villain suffers a setback
and she is prepared to offer a solution no
offense the team brings jacob into their custody
mia and letty return with han and l to the hideout
nice clubhouse with all the
guys elated to see han again
so i got my postcard up
he explains the circumstances surrounding his
death after jisel died the car exploded and you're
still alive like i'm trying to roman can you can't
just be quiet for one minute he went to tokyo
where he had been recruited by mr nobody
since he had previously worked with jisel
and thought he could also trust han elle's parents
worked on project aries and were killed for it
when she was a child han came to protect her since
her blood is the key component in activating aries
after deckard shaw came into the picture they
saw it as an opportunity to fake his death
now for the hard part
keeping you dead otto and his
goon soon attacked the hideout
here it is revealed that jacob was an
agent of mr nobodies that went rogue
and he also reveals to dom that their father
had intended to throw the race that day to be
compensated for the family's debts dad died
because he was trying to throw that race
we were in deep debt and he personally
asked jacob to mess with the car
but they kept it from dom to protect his view of
jack and jacob never anticipated what would happen
i will stop you and that's my promise the heroes
fight otto's men as most of the team gets out
dom stays behind and pulls on some chains to bring
down a platform with himself and the other goons
hitting the water below dom
appears to have a vision
showing jack teaching him and jacob as children
about fixing cars he sees little brian asking
him when he is coming home he then sees a memory
in which he saw jack having a tense phone call
lending credence to what jacob
said about their troubles
just when it looks like dom is ready to give
in letty jumps into the water and rescues him
auto launches a satellite into orbit
that will help with control of aries
they also for sale to activate it
otto and jacob drive their armored
truck through tbilisi while the
heroes make their way toward that area
tedge and roman use a rocket car on top
of a drone and they are launched into
orbit as well to try and destroy the
satellite
we ain't out of space man
how much candy did you eat
well i i eat candy when i get nervous the
gang uses the villains electromagnets to
take out incoming bands as they
get closer to jacob and otto
mia and hand make it to the truck with
elle inside and kill the goons guarding
her
otto reveals he is betraying jacob and is now
working with cipher you were never my competition
dom sees jacob is in danger and
quickly maneuvers to help him
mia helps jacob get to safety
elle used the machine gun to
try to slow down the truck
dom tries to use the magnet to pull
some cars to slow down the truck
but still it keeps on going dom then
comes up with a plan to get the cars
to magnetize to the front of the
truck and jacob comes back to help
they send it flipping upwards
until they get it out of the city
ares is nearly done uploading but
tedge and roman's car craps out on them
leaving them no choice but
to ram into the satellite
in order to destroy it and sever the link
on the outskirts of the city dom is still inside
the truck with otta while cipher sends a drone
after dawn just as she fires a blast at
the truck dom manages to jump out while
otto blows up inside the truck and the impact
causes the truck to smash into cypher's drone
frustrated at another defeat she makes her getaway
once more dom then buries the hatchet with jacob
that's the second chance
and he parts ways with dom and mia once more
meanwhile some astronauts from a space station
come across tedge and roman after returning
home dom takes little brian to the racetrack where
jack used to race one last flashback shows teenage
dom and jacob consoling each other after jack's
death meaning there was always love between them
the team has another barbecue
gathering han arrived bringing elle
and he reunites with sean twinky and
earl this time with santos joining them
while he says leo opened up a restaurant
in brooklyn but the food is bad just as
everyone is getting ready to say grace
they wait for just one more guest then arrived
roaring in a blue exotic car as brian during the
credits deckard shaw is seen punching a bag which
has an unknown man inside that deckard is beating
for information there is then a knock at his door
and he is startled whose is in front of his door
thank you for viewing our featured video in movie
summary i hope you enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share our videos to your families
and friends and subscribe to our channel to help
us grow click the notification bell so that
you will be notified when we upload our next
videos